c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.exe.config
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.exe
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.pdb
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.xml
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Guna.UI.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Form1.resources
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Resources.resources
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.exe
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.xml
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.pdb
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Consultas.resources
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Buscar_Reporte_por_placa.resources
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Form2.resources
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.MENU.resources
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\tf\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.REPORTE.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.exe.config
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.exe
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.xml
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.pdb
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.exe
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.pdb
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Programa_multas.xml
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Buscar_Reporte_por_placa.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Consultas.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Form1.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Form2.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.MENU.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Resources.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.REPORTE.resources
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\PC01LAB4\Desktop\Programa_multas\Programa_multas\obj\Debug\Programa_multas.Form3.resources
